## Wheel of !Fortune

2 week paired project for FE Mod 2 (week 2-3)

## Background and Description
For this project you will learn object-oriented programming (OOP) principles by building the game Wheel of Fortune. This is an opportunity to work with classes to build a program at a larger scale than you have with previous projects. This is also an opportunity for you to build out a program based on user stories - which is more aligned to what you can expect to see working with product managers in a production environment.

Building software, at its core, is about solving problems. Generally speaking, the first step in finding a solution to the problem is to be sure that you have clearly identified the problem as well what features the solution must incorporate. From here, we can flesh out the requirements that specify what our program should have. For the problem of building Wheel of Fortune, the rules of this game will serve as the requirements for the spec.

## Goals and Objectives

- Write a program from scratch
- Design and implement OOP patterns
- Understand and implement ES6 classes
- Implement array iterator and mutator methods to work with game data
- Write modular, reusable code that follows SRP (Single Responsibility Principle)
- Create a robust test suite that thoroughly tests all functionality of a client-side application

## Restrictions

To populate your data for WOF, you will be using [this data](https://repl.it/@thatpamiam/WheelOfFortune). Copy this into a separate js file that you can include as a script tag in your HTML file.

You will be using the following JavaScript libraries:

- [jQuery](http://jquery.com/) (REQUIRED)
- [Mocha](http://mochajs.org/) (and Chai) (REQUIRED)
- Other libraries may be used only with instructor approval.

## Requirements
#### Initial Setup

For this project, you need to use this [Gametime Starter Kit](https://github.com/turingschool-examples/gametime-starter) repo. Follow the instructions in the README for forking the repo and getting it setup. Once you have it set up (through running `npm install`), follow the instructions to verify it is setup correctly.

There are additional notes in the README about where your game logic code goes and where your test code goes as well. Be sure to read through the README before you start coding because for this starter kit to work correctly, it has some underlying assumptions of where files live.

## Code Organization

You should have at least one use-case for [inheritance](https://www.sitepoint.com/understanding-ecmascript-6-class-inheritance/) with your classes.

- a parent class’s properties and methods should be shared by all the child classes
- a child class should inherit those properties and methods from the parent class
- a child class should add additional properties or methods, or override the functionality of a parent method
- each class should have its own file with the filename capitalized (e.g. `Level.js`). The class should be capitalized as well. Only code that is a part of this class should be in this file.

## Testing

You should be testing your the correctness of your code throughout your project. Each JavaScript file in your project should have its own test file. (e.g. Your Wheel.js class file should have a corresponding testing file called `Wheel-test.js`)

Your testing suite should test all of the functionality of the game, including the following:

- Class default properties
- Class methods
- Anything that updates class properties
- For the purposes of this project, you will keep your state logic completely separate from your view logic. In other words, your business logic (classes/methods) should not handle anything that deals with the UI (DOM Manipulation).

To do this, you will utilize a separate domUpdates.js file that handles any DOM manipulation that is triggered by your business logic. This is covered in more depth in the testing lesson, which you can find [here](http://frontend.turing.io/lessons/module-2/test-driven-development.html#dom-manipulation).